- [singing in Japanese]
c0000001
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000002
♪ ♪
c0000003
c0000004
♪ ♪
c0000005
[door creaks]
c0000006
- Heya, I'm home.
c0000007
- Welcome back.
c0000008
- What are you doing?
c0000009
- I'm making curry.
c0000010
- Dressed in that outfit?
c0000011
- I don't wanna get sauce
on my clothes.
c0000012
- [chomping]
c0000013
This is delicious!
- Yeah, tastes great.
c0000014
- I followed the recipe
exactly like an experiment.
c0000015
Of course it came out well.
- Come to think of it,
c0000016
cooking and science
are the same thing, huh?
c0000017
[water splashes]
c0000018
Futaba.
- [gasps]
c0000019
- Got a moment?
c0000020
- Why do you always have to come
c0000021
and talk to me while I'm in
the middle of bathing?
c0000022
- It's because I get excited
that there's nothing but
c0000023
a door between me
and a naked woman.
c0000024
- [groans]
- It's easier to talk when
c0000025
you can't see the other
person's face, right?
c0000026
- What's your deal?
c0000027
- [grunts]
c0000028
I figured out what
the other Futaba's been up to.
c0000029
- So the fake told you
about that, huh?
c0000030
- No, how I found out is a bit
of a longer story.
c0000031
- I created that account before
summer break started.
c0000032
But at the time I didn't know
what I wanted to write about.
c0000033
- Couldn't it have been
about anything?
c0000034
Like maybe, "I'm in love with
a real handsome guy who
c0000035
has a girlfriend."
c0000036
Were you trying to make some nw
online friends or something?
c0000037
- I don't know.
c0000038
When it comes down to it,
c0000039
I think I simply wanted someone
to give me attention.
c0000040
- Starting off with
the lewd stuff's
c0000041
a little intense, isn't it?
c0000042
- Well, unfortunately,
that's all I've got.
c0000043
- That you're confident about,
you mean?
c0000044
- It was never confidence.
c0000045
If anything,
it was the exact opposite.
c0000046
My body developed
a lot faster than any
c0000047
of my fellow classmates.
c0000048
I remember when I noticed
the way those animals
c0000049
they call boys were looking
at me.
c0000050
It made me hate my body a lot.
c0000051
I felt like there
was something filthy about it.
c0000052
I was ashamed.
c0000053
- But you still posted
those pics.
c0000054
- Because I get reactions.
c0000055
And it didn't matter
who they were.
c0000056
Getting any sort of attention
from others made me feel better.
c0000057
- So then you're getting
what you wanted but not in
c0000058
the way you were hoping for.
c0000059
- Maybe that's why.
c0000060
In the end I couldn't
detach myself
c0000061
from my disgust at being seen.
c0000062
I underwent a tremendous amount
of stress because
c0000063
of the contradiction between
the ends and the means
c0000064
and it led to the separation.
c0000065
- In other words,
there's the other Futaba
c0000066
who wants people's attention
c0000067
and this Futaba
who can't forgive
c0000068
the way she's going
about getting it.
c0000069
Did that cause the split?
c0000070
- That's pretty much it.
c0000071
- Well, the other Futaba seems
to still be uploading all
c0000072
of those selfies.
c0000073
- Yeah, I know.
c0000074
- What do you wanna do?
c0000075
- If possible,
I'd like her to stop.
c0000076
- Understood.
c0000077
Leave it to me.
c0000078
- What are you planning?
c0000079
- I'll go to school
again tomorrow
c0000080
and I'll have a normal,
chill conversation
c0000081
with the other Futaba.
c0000082
- You really do some tedious
stuff.
c0000083
[door opens and closes]
c0000084
[grunts]
c0000085
- Doka, tell us something
you like.
c0000086
- Sure. I like Mai Sakurajima,
the actress.
c0000087
- You're treating her
as a thing?
c0000088
Most people who come on here sy
things like strawberries or...
c0000089
- Mai, were you planning
on taking a bath soon or--
c0000090
- Yeah, but before that...
c0000091
- Oh, come to think of it,
c0000092
you did mention that you
had something to talk about.
c0000093
Huh? Dating's prohibited?
c0000094
Does that mean we're gonna
be forced to break up?
c0000095
- They didn't go that far
in our conversation
c0000096
but the agency demanded I
at least not see you
c0000097
in private anymore.
- [groans]
c0000098
- It feels kind of weird,
c0000099
like they think I'm an idol
who's not allowed
c0000100
to date anyone.
c0000101
- So does that mean you agreed
to those terms already?
c0000102
- It's not for me
to decide all on my own
c0000103
so I haven't responded yet.
- [grunts]
c0000104
Do you mean--
- Yeah.
c0000105
It's for both of us, right?
c0000106
- [gasps]
c0000107
[exhales]
c0000108
I don't think we can do anything
about it for now.
c0000109
- What do you mean?
We don't have to listen.
c0000110
- Think of it like
a strategic retreat.
c0000111
- And you're okay with that?
c0000112
Even if you won't get to see me
for a while?
c0000113
- I hate it but you're
just getting back
c0000114
into your entertainment career.
c0000115
So wouldn't it be good to act
like a model student
c0000116
for a bit to seem easier
to work with?
c0000117
- Good point.
I hate it.
c0000118
[beeps]
c0000119
- [grunts]
c0000120
c0000121
Did you figure something out?
c0000122
- Yeah, that when you take
your clothes off,
c0000123
you're really something.
c0000124
- So you came here
to lecture me?
c0000125
Tell me I should stop doing
such foolish things?
c0000126
- 'Course not.
That's so tedious.
c0000127
Mai went home and I can't go
on dates with her
c0000128
for the time being so I'm bored
and thought I'd spend my time
c0000129
just hanging out with you.
- I get it.
c0000130
So you came here purely
to do tedious things.
c0000131
- So did you take
other pictures?
c0000132
Besides the ones you uploaded.
c0000133
- [grunts]
c0000134
c0000135
You took some that
weren't suggestive, too.
c0000136
- Those ones are
from middle school.
c0000137
When I took them I
wasn't planning on sharing
c0000138
with anyone at all.
c0000139
I think I just wanted to look
at myself objectively
c0000140
and think about how I was doing
something stupid or something.
c0000141
- Okay, but for what purpose?
c0000142
- It was a form of self harm.
c0000143
I highly doubt you'll be able
to understand the sentiment.
c0000144
But I've hated myself
for a long time.
c0000145
- [grunts]
c0000146
When I was talking
to the other Futaba,
c0000147
she said something similar.
c0000148
- Tell me, Azusagawa.
c0000149
Which side are you on?
c0000150
- Futaba's side, obviously.
c0000151
- I should have known
you'd be cheeky.
c0000152
You should pick a side.
c0000153
It's best if you give up
on one of us.
c0000154
This world doesn't have a need
for two Rio Futabas.
c0000155
- [grunts]
c0000156
[railroad crossing dinging]
c0000157
I ended up going
to Kamakura.
c0000158
- With my other version?
c0000159
- No, by myself.
c0000160
- Weren't you supposed
to go chill and chat with her?
c0000161
- Hey, question.
c0000162
What do you think it would take
to return to one self?
c0000163
- Now that the two of us
are doing separate things
c0000164
and gaining unique memories
and experiences,
c0000165
I don't think it would even
be possible.
c0000166
[cicadas chirping]
c0000167
- So, have you decided which one
of us you want to keep yet?
c0000168
- That's something for you
to decide.
c0000169
You should make decisions about
yourself on your own, right?
c0000170
- That's logical.
Can't argue.
c0000171
- Ah, I'm gonna die.
c0000172
Sakuta, conjure some wind,
please!
c0000173
- Futaba, seems Kunimi wants you
to fan him.
c0000174
- Futaba, I'm begging you.
Wind.
c0000175
Man. That feels good.
c0000176
- [chomping]
c0000177
You wanna try some, too, Rio?
- [grunts]
c0000178
- So how long do you plan
on following me around
c0000179
doing stuff like this?
c0000180
- Until Futaba no longer
does stuff like that, I guess.
c0000181
Although it could just
be until you start showing
c0000182
those indecent photos only
to me.
c0000183
- If that's your goal then
you're getting further away
c0000184
from it each day.
c0000185
[cell phone vibrates]
c0000186
[gasps]
c0000187
- A DM?
[grunts]
c0000188
[cell phone vibrates]
c0000189
[gasps]
[cell phone vibrates]
c0000190
[gasps]
c0000191
[gasping]
c0000192
- Give that to me.
c0000193
'Kay, that should do it for now.
c0000194
Let me escort you home
just in case.
c0000195
- Delete it.
- Hmm?
c0000196
- The account.
c0000197
Delete it.
c0000198
- [gasps]
c0000199
[cicadas chirping]
c0000200
- [gasps]
c0000201
I'm sorry.
c0000202
- I got to see this cuter side
of you, though.
c0000203
I'll go brag about it
to Kunimi later.
c0000204
- Right here.
- Huh?
c0000205
Huh?
- I, uh...
c0000206
I want you to stay here
with me tonight.
c0000207
- Where are your parents?
c0000208
- Dad is in Germany
for a conference
c0000209
and Mom is somewhere in Europe
for some business negotiations.
c0000210
- That's straight out
of a TV drama.
c0000211
- It's common for our family.
c0000212
- I am a guy, by the way.
c0000213
Just had to mention that
as a disclaimer.
c0000214
- If anything happens,
c0000215
I'll report it to Sakurajima
without hesitation.
c0000216
I'll even add in some lies
for fun.
c0000217
- Let's keep it
to the truth, please.
c0000218
[water splashing]
c0000219
- Azusagawa.
- I'm here.
c0000220
- [grunts]
c0000221
Azusagawa?
- Here.
c0000222
- [grunts]
c0000223
This whole time I think
I've been really afraid.
c0000224
Right now I have you and Kunimi
to hang out with,
c0000225
but I still feel like maybe
I'll end up alone again someday.
c0000226
- Why would you think that?
c0000227
- Well, before I started
high school,
c0000228
I never really worried about it.
c0000229
At school and at home,
c0000230
I was used to being
by myself all the time.
c0000231
- Ah.
c0000232
- But that changed when
I started high school
c0000233
because I ended up in
the same class
c0000234
as you and Kunimi during
first year.
c0000235
And ever since then I've
had this anxiety.
c0000236
- Wow, Kunimi's the worst, huh?
c0000237
- You're responsible
for half of it.
c0000238
Azusagawa, I'm surprised
that you can come
c0000239
to school every day,
c0000240
considering the whole
student body gives you
c0000241
the cold shoulder because
of the hospitalization rumors.
c0000242
- You think everyone
is avoiding me?
c0000243
Aren't you reading into
it too much?
c0000244
- I'm pretty sure I'm reading
into it a normal amount.
c0000245
You sure your head's all right?
Wait. If it was,
c0000246
you wouldn't be coming at all.
c0000247
- You're an interesting one,
Futaba.
c0000248
- Huh? Like how?
c0000249
- Just the fact that you're able
to talk to me like this
c0000250
means you're no average person.
c0000251
Oh, yeah.
That did happen, didn't it?
c0000252
- I remember when Kunimi got
a girlfriend
c0000253
and how terrified that made me.
c0000254
- That guy really does nothing
but make you sad, doesn't he?
c0000255
- Well, it happened with you,
too.
c0000256
I thought that since you'd
found yourself such
c0000257
a gorgeous girlfriend there
was no way you'd ever
c0000258
pay attention to me again.
- Don't be dumb.
c0000259
I intend on having
you stick around
c0000260
as my friend for the rest
of our lives.
c0000261
- [grunts]
c0000262
- And also, you just don't get
it at all, Futaba.
c0000263
- Get what?
- You're so obsessed with Kunimi
c0000264
but you don't seem to understand
a thing about him.
c0000265
[inhales sharply]
I'm gonna borrow your phone.
c0000266
I'll teach you just
how amazing Kunimi can be.
c0000267
I bet you'll fall in love again.
c0000268
- [gasps]
Knock it off! It's super late!
c0000269
He's gonna think
I've gone crazy!
c0000270
- Can't stop this train.
c0000271
Futaba needs our help.
- [gasps]
c0000272
- Come to Honkugenuma Station
right now.
c0000273
- [breathing heavily]
c0000274
- [gasps]
c0000275
- Hey, you're late.
- Nah, you're just way too fast.
c0000276
- You're the one that told me
to come flying over, right?
c0000277
Futaba, you all right?
- [gasps]
c0000278
- Sakuta didn't do
anything weird to you, did he?
c0000279
- Like I would!
- And here I thought you lost
c0000280
it and assaulted her.
c0000281
- Why would the assailant be
the one calling you?
c0000282
- Because the guilt of it
was eating you alive?
c0000283
No, wait. Sakuta doesn't have
a conscience.
c0000284
- But why?
[both gasping]
c0000285
Why?
- Kunimi. Don't make her cry.
c0000286
- It's my fault?
c0000287
- Yes. All of this
is because of you.
c0000288
- Well, I'm beat.
- [sniffles]
c0000289
It's not your fault, Kunimi.
c0000290
- Futaba is surprisingly cute
when she's crying.
c0000291
- What are you talking about?
c0000292
It's been a while since
I last cried.
c0000293
[sniffs]
But...
c0000294
I--I see I was never truly alone
at all.
c0000295
I just convinced myself.
c0000296
- Sakuta.
- Hmm?
c0000297
- You're going to buy me
and Futaba some juice.
c0000298
- Why the flip am I the one
getting thrown under the bus?
c0000299
This ain't right.
c0000300
- It's important to re-hydrate
ASAP when this happens.
c0000301
- [sniffles]
c0000302
[crickets chirping]
c0000303
- Here.
- Thank you.
c0000304
- Looks like we're at
the point where you've been
c0000305
completely domesticated
by your girlfriend, huh?
c0000306
- Sakuta can be valiant but
always in the strangest ways.
c0000307
Anyway, what's
the plan after this?
c0000308
- It's this.
c0000309
- Isn't it too windy?
c0000310
- They say a typhoon's coming
late tomorrow.
c0000311
- Huddle in here, Kunimi.
c0000312
Block the wind with
that jacked body of yours.
c0000313
- T--Too close.
c0000314
- Ah, it's lit!
c0000315
- Futaba, quickly.
c0000316
- [gasping]
c0000317
[laughs]
c0000318
both: Whoa!
c0000319
[both laughing]
c0000320
[all laughing]
c0000321
Don't fling it!
c0000322
[all shouting]
c0000323
[laughs]
c0000324
- Ah!
- [laughing]
c0000325
[fireworks screeching]
c0000326
- You haven't asked me
about anything, Kunimi.
c0000327
- Hmm?
c0000328
- About all of this.
c0000329
- I mean, I was definitely
wondering what the hell
c0000330
was going on when Sakuta called.
c0000331
But when I got there and saw you
c0000332
breaking down like that,
c0000333
it didn't matter anymore.
c0000334
[stammers]
- Hmm?
c0000335
- Aww, dammit.
I lost.
c0000336
Whatever. Maybe we'll get
a good view from here
c0000337
for next week's fireworks
festival in Enoshima.
c0000338
Why don't we all watch
it together again?
c0000339
- Don't you have plans to go
c0000340
with that cute girlfriend
of yours?
c0000341
- Eh, we're totally in
the middle of a big fight.
c0000342
And what about you?
You're probably going
c0000343
with Sakurajima, aren't you?
c0000344
- Thanks to her agency,
c0000345
we're currently prohibited
from going on dates.
c0000346
- Hah, it's tough having
a famous girlfriend.
c0000347
Futaba?
c0000348
- I don't have anything
going on.
c0000349
- Then that's that.
c0000350
[yawns]
c0000351
Hold on.
Is it getting brighter?
c0000352
- [gasps]
c0000353
I've never pulled an all-nighter
c0000354
like this before, ever.
c0000355
What in the world am I doing?
c0000356
- You're doing something stupid,
obviously.
c0000357
- This really wasn't
the smartest idea, was it?
c0000358
- [giggles]
c0000359
I can't help but think
how perfect it would be
c0000360
if you were both girls.
c0000361
- The train should
be moving by now.
c0000362
- Well, that was fun.
See ya.
c0000363
- Bye.
c0000364
[birds chirping]
c0000365
- Azusagawa.
- Are you still scared?
c0000366
I can stay with you again today.
c0000367
- I'm good on that front.
c0000368
But my other self
has me worried.
c0000369
She's been going through it
a lot worse than I am.
c0000370
- Hmm.
- She absolutely hates me
c0000371
to her core so I really
need your help.
c0000372
Take care of my other self
for me.
c0000373
Please.
c0000374
[birds chirping]
c0000375
[door closes]
c0000376
- Welcome back.
c0000377
- Hey, what's up?
- You must be exhausted.
c0000378
- Got this.
c0000379
She said that she deleted
the account.
c0000380
I think she's done
with that stuff.
c0000381
- Ah.
c0000382
- I'll fill you in on all
the details later.
c0000383
Now I
think I'll sleep.
c0000384
Night.
c0000385
- [gasps]
c0000386
[wind blowing]
c0000387
- [groaning]
c0000388
[grunts]
c0000389
- Well, good morning to you,
big brother.
c0000390
- Good morning to you,
too, Kaede.
c0000391
Futaba in my room?
- Nope.
c0000392
She hasn't come back yet.
- Huh?
c0000393
Did she go out?
c0000394
- Uh-huh, pretty much right
after you got back home.
c0000395
She said that she was going
to go shopping.
c0000396
- She went shopping?
c0000397
[gasps]
c0000398
[buttons clicking]
c0000399
[phone trilling]
[cell phone ringing]
c0000400
[both gasping]
c0000401
Dammit! She seriously left
her phone here?
c0000402
[grunts]
c0000403
Man, this is the worst!
[grunts]
c0000404
- What's wrong?
c0000405
- Futaba's gone missing.
c0000406
I went home and passed out
and when I woke up she was gone
c0000407
along with all her stuff!
c0000408
- Let me get one thing out
of the way.
c0000409
We haven't returned
to being one person yet.
c0000410
- Any idea about where
she might have gone?
c0000411
- Well, if it was me...
c0000412
- Ah, this is such a pain in
the ass!
c0000413
It's so tedious.
c0000414
Actually, Futaba,
you're tedious!
c0000415
[breathing heavily]
- [gasps]
c0000416
- [breathing heavily]
c0000417
- Azusagawa.
Why are you...
c0000418
- [exhales sharply]
c0000419
Man, well, that sure
was horrible.
c0000420
Yesterday,
or rather this morning,
c0000421
there was something I really
needed to talk to you about.
c0000422
- What?
- Next week.
c0000423
Wanna see the fireworks?
- Huh?
c0000424
- The fireworks festival
at Enoshima,
c0000425
where we went last year.
Kunimi said he'd come with us.
c0000426
- W--Well, I--
- You're coming, too, right?
c0000427
- I'm not.
c0000428
- You already got plans
or something?
c0000429
- I'm just done.
c0000430
I'm going to disappear.
c0000431
- Hmm?
c0000432
- I'll disappear
from your sight.
c0000433
I'll disappear
from this entire city.
c0000434
- Why would you say that?
c0000435
- There's no reason
for the world
c0000436
to have two Rio Futabas.
c0000437
And it's painfully clear
that my other self
c0000438
is much better
at being Rio Futaba than I am.
c0000439
She's really found
her place here.
c0000440
Everything would resolve itself
if I was simply not here.
c0000441
- Well, I'm sorry,
but that answer is incorrect.
c0000442
- No, I'm 100% right.
c0000443
- Couldn't be more wrong.
c0000444
Your entire argument's baseless.
c0000445
- If that's true
then that picture--
c0000446
what else could I think
after seeing a picture
c0000447
of everything I've ever wanted?
c0000448
There isn't a place left
in this world for me!
c0000449
There's no more need for me.
c0000450
Both you and Kunimi will be fine
as long as you still have
c0000451
my other self, right?
[sniffs]
c0000452
Azusagawa,
you're so insensitive!
c0000453
- Idiot, you're saying that now
after all this?
c0000454
- [gasps]
- Don't act like me
c0000455
being insensitive is news.
You've known that forever.
c0000456
Anyway, we're meeting
at Kuganuma-Kaigan Station
c0000457
at 6:30 on the 19th.
c0000458
That's all I have left to say.
c0000459
- [gasps]
c0000460
- [grunts]
c0000461
[groans]
- [gasps]
c0000462
[thuds]
Azusagawa!
c0000463
- [gasps]
- Good morning.
c0000464
This is your fault
for running around like
c0000465
a madman in the pouring rain.
c0000466
According to the test results,
you're fine.
c0000467
- [gasps]
c0000468
- Why do you look so captivated?
c0000469
- A super beautiful
upperclassman just appeared so--
c0000470
- Since you're acting like this,
you must be okay.
c0000471
- So how did you know
to show up here, anyway?
c0000472
- Futaba called me
after you passed out.
c0000473
- [gasps]
Azusagawa.
c0000474
- I caused you real trouble,
Futaba.
c0000475
- No kidding.
You're so unfair.
c0000476
In you pass out in that kind
of place, I can't leave you.
c0000477
- If that's true then maybe
it's a good thing.
c0000478
- Azusagawa.
c0000479
Listen, I--
- If it's something about how
c0000480
you're no longer needed here,
c0000481
or how everything
will be bunnies and rainbows
c0000482
if you fade away,
c0000483
or how you can't help
but be scared
c0000484
and you don't think there's
anything you can do about it,
c0000485
I don't wanna hear it again.
c0000486
I'm done listening
to tedious stuff like that.
c0000487
- [exhales]
c0000488
- It's all right
if you hate yourself.
c0000489
You're allowed to feel that way.
c0000490
And it's not just you.
c0000491
I just tell myself
it is what it is
c0000492
and I keep on going.
c0000493
- [grunts]
That's very you.
c0000494
Isn't this normally the part
where someone would say,
c0000495
"Don't worry, you can work on
liking yourself over time,"
c0000496
or, "What do you mean?
c0000497
There are tons of awesome things
about you, Futaba?"
c0000498
- Trying to be positive all
the time
c0000499
is exhausting, isn't it?
c0000500
- You suck at comforting.
Seriously awful.
c0000501
But still,
it kind of puts me at ease.
c0000502
[exhales]
Really, such a relief.
c0000503
- [exhales]
c0000504
- So, uh...
- Hmm?
c0000505
- Can I go see the fireworks
with you guys?
c0000506
- Sorry, no.
c0000507
- [gasps]
c0000508
- At least not
if you ask like that.
c0000509
- [grunts]
I--
c0000510
I wanna see the fireworks, too.
c0000511
- I'm not the person
you should be asking.
c0000512
- Huh?
- [grunts]
c0000513
- [gasps]
c0000514
It's me.
c0000515
Yeah.
I met up with Azusagawa.
c0000516
And, well, I have--
I have a favor to ask you.
c0000517
[inhales sharply]
c0000518
I wanna go see the fireworks
together with you guys.
c0000519
[receiver thuds]
- Huh?
c0000520
[footsteps approaching]
c0000521
Hello?
c0000522
- I think you should head back
c0000523
to the consultation room now.
c0000524
Sakurajima's been waiting
for you there, right?
c0000525
- You're back
to being one person.
c0000526
- Yeah.
Anyway, about the fireworks.
c0000527
Don't you dare be late.
Got it?
c0000528
- I got it.
c0000529
[indistinct chatter]
c0000530
- [laughing]
c0000531
- Hey!
c0000532
Over here, Futaba!
c0000533
- Switched back to glasses, huh?
c0000534
- Is it weird?
c0000535
- They go well with the yukata.
c0000536
Right, Sakuta?
c0000537
- Kinda erotic.
c0000538
Right, Kunimi?
- Can't deny that.
c0000539
- And this
is why I hated yukatas.
c0000540
[distant fireworks booming]
c0000541
Kunimi.
c0000542
- Hmm?
c0000543
What?
c0000544
[gasps]
c0000545
Futaba. I, uh...
c0000546
- Don't bother answering me.
I already know.
c0000547
- Got it.
c0000548
- If you said anything,
c0000549
I'm pretty sure that
I'd start crying.
c0000550
- If you do I'm sure Sakuta will
lend you a sleeve of his yukata.
c0000551
- Even if you're snotty.
c0000552
- [chuckles]
Idiot.
c0000553
[exhales]
c0000554
Kunimi?
- Hmm?
c0000555
- Go make up
with your girlfriend already.
c0000556
I'm sure the reason is me
or Azusagawa, isn't it?
c0000557
- Yeah.
c0000558
I guess I'll give her
a call later.
c0000559
- [sniffles]
c0000560
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000561
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000562
♪ ♪
c0000563
c0000564
[cell phone vibrating
and ringing]
c0000565
- [groaning]
c0000566
[gasps]
c0000567
c0000568
Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.